[1.19.x] Rewrite Getting Started (#490)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/gettingstarted/versioning.md

Versioning
==========

In general projects, [semantic versioning][semver] is often used (which has the format `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`). However, in the case of modding it may be more beneficial to use the format `MCVERSION-MAJORMOD.MAJORAPI.MINOR.PATCH` to be able to differentiate between world-breaking and API-breaking changes of a mod.

!!! important

>     Forge uses `ComparableVersion` to compare version strings, which is not fully compatible with the Semantic Versioning 2.0.0 spec, such as the 'prerelease' tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Forge uses Maven Version ranges to compare version strings, which is not fully compatible with the Semantic Versioning 2.0.0 spec, such as the 'prerelease' tag.
```

Author: Why are we being less specific here? Forge uses `ComparableVersion` to compare version strings.

Reviewer: We should specify the specification, not implementation

>     Forge uses [Maven version ranges][cmpver] to compare version strings, which is not fully compatible with the Semantic Versioning 2.0.0 spec, such as the 'prerelease' tag.

Reviewer 2: Looking at the diffs in other files, they seem to use `maven` (lowercase) instead of `Maven` (capitalized). One or the other should be picked and then all uses be made consistent.
